src/content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
aliases = ["about"]
[ author ]
  name = "Baptiste Cabrera"
+++

_I’m Baptiste!_

_With over 15 years of experience, my journey took me from Paris to Montreal, and then Copenhagen, wearing many hats in my career. I don’t fear change, I embrace it. I like to challenge the status quo and always evolve._

_I have notably managed applicative and DevOps / Platform Engineering, and development teams, helped some spring, and actively participated in transforming others toward Agile and DevOps methodologies._

_Also acting as a Product Owner and Service Manager in my career, I have acquired an entrepreneurial mindset._

_I am inclusive, open-minded and can bring people together which helps me resolve conflicts and help people go in the same direction._

_I am a people-first type of manager. I favor empathy and candor, which in turn helps build a relationship of trust. I aim at helping people be their best self, whether it be professionally or as a person._

_I have helped onboard managers, and mentored some more junior ones._

_My goal is to be able to grow in a more strategic and “leader of leaders” position._

_Today, I would love to offer these skills in helping develop and evolve your teams and their practices, as well as your organization._

Commit message:

updated CV file, sub-title and about page

src/content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
aliases = ["about"]
[ author ]
  name = "Baptiste Cabrera"
+++

_I’m Baptiste!_

_With over 15 years of experience, my journey took me from Paris to Montreal, and then Copenhagen, wearing many hats in my career. I don’t fear change, I embrace it. I like to challenge the status quo and always evolve._

_I am curious, and passionate about technologies. This drives me to always aim at being up to date, and try my hand on new products and practices, whether it is on my personal projects, or in a lab._

_In my career, I have notably managed applicative and SRE / Platform Engineering, and development teams, helped new ones spring, and actively participated in transforming others toward Agile methodologies and DevOps mindset. Also acting as a Product Owner and Service Manager in my career, I have acquired an entrepreneurial mindset._

_I am inclusive, open-minded and can bring people together which helps me resolve conflicts and help people go in the same direction. I like triggering “healthy conflicts” that gives a voice to those who would have stayed silent, and bring new points of view to the discussion, and empower teams to make the right decision, together._

_I strive at being a people-first type of manager. I favor empathy and candor, which in turn helps build a relationship of trust. I aim at helping people be their best selves, whether it be professionally or as a person. I genuinely believe that by allowing people to be their best selves, we empower them to create the best solutions._

_I have helped onboard and coach managers, and mentored some more junior ones. I also contributed in reorganizing teams and departments during growth periods, and set technical direction and strategy. My goal is to be able to grow in a more strategic and “leader of leaders” position._

_Today, I would love to offer these skills in helping develop and evolve your teams and their practices, as well as your organization._
